Title: New York passes a bill to limit bitcoin mining	Author: Kris Holt	Description: New York lawmakers have passed a bill
 that would temporarily ban new bitcoin
 mining operations. Early on Friday, state senators voted 36-27 to pass the legislation. It's now bound for the desk of Governor Kathy Hochul, who will sign it into law or veto th…
Title: Jay-Z and Jack Dorsey Launch Bitcoin Academy for New Generation of Crypto Bros	Author: Passant Rabie	Description: Rapper and entrepreneur Shawn Carter, better known as Jay-Z, is bringing Bitcoin to the place where he grew up. On Thursday, Jay-Z and former Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey announced the launch of Bitcoin Academy, which will offer free classes on cryptocurrency for …
Title: Bitcoin Wasn't as Decentralized or Anonymous as Crypto Bros Told You, Study Finds	Author: Lucas Ropek	Description: A new study on bitcoin calls into question whether the digital currency is truly as decentralized and anonymous as its biggest devotees would have you believe. Read more...
Title: Why the Central African Republic adopted Bitcoin	Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcnews	Description: Some 90% of people in the Central African Republic lack access to the internet, needed to use Bitcoin.
Title: Chipotle now accepts cryptocurrency payments	Author: Mariella Moon	Description: You can now reportedly pay for your burritos and tacos with Bitcoin and other digital currencies, in case you don't mind spending your coins directly instead of going through exchanges first. Flexa has announced that the Mexican fast food chain can now accept…
Title: El Salvador: The country where you can buy anything with Bitcoin	Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcnews	Description: The cryptocurrency crash is hurting many investors, including one country that has bet big on Bitcoin.
Title: El Salvador's Bitcoin investment suffers amid crypto meltdown	Author: Philip Wang and Tara Subramaniam, CNN	Description: El Salvador has embraced Bitcoin like no other country, with the government purchasing hundreds of coins last year as it announced that the cryptocurrency would become legal tender.
Title: Chipotle Lovers Can Now Buy Burritos With Bitcoin, Ether, and More: Report	Author: Matt Novak	Description: Customers at Chipotle will now be able to pay for their burritos with cryptocurrencies, including bitcoin, ether, and dogecoin, in a move that could help crypto become more mainstream, according to trade publication Restaurant Business. But there’s just one i…
Title: DeFi lending giant Celsius halts withdrawals	Author: Richard Lawler	Description: Celsius is a decentralized finance platform that’s one of the largest crypto lenders. It announced a “pause” on withdrawals as markets opened in Asia, leaving investors in the dark about what will happen next.
Title: How Ukraine’s wide use of cryptocurrency is playing out during the war	Author: Nilay Patel	Description: Michael Chobanian, the president of the Blockchain Association of Ukraine, discusses how cryptocurrency and blockchain could reshape the Ukrainian government.
Title: Bitcoin gains over 5% to $31441.76 - Reuters	Author: 	Description: Bitcoin rose 5.2% to $31,441.76 at 2000 GMT on Monday, adding $1,552.78 to its previous close.
Title: Bitcoin falls 12.1% to $23366 - Reuters	Author: 	Description: Bitcoin dropped 12.1% to $23,366 at 2002 GMT on Monday, losing $3,218.95 from its previous close.
Title: Bitcoin nears MicroStrategy 'margin call' price - Reuters	Author: 	Description: Bitcoin neared a price level on Tuesday that could force software firm MicroStrategy Inc <a href="https://www.reuters.com/companies/MSTR.O" target="_blank">(MSTR.O)</a> to stake more tokens against a bitcoin-backed loan or trigger selling of some of its vast …
Title: Bitcoin falls 7.03% to $20969.32 - Reuters	Author: 	Description: Bitcoin dropped 7.03% to $20,969.32 at 20:04 GMT on Thursday, losing $1,585.95 from its previous close.
Title: Bitcoin drops 6.5% to below $20000 - Reuters.com	Author: 	Description: Bitcoin dropped 6.53% to $19,106.37 at 0734 GMT on Saturday, losing $1,334.33 from its previous close.
Title: Bitcoin last down 7.4% at $18915 - Reuters	Author: 	Description: Bitcoin dropped 7.46% to $18,915.29 at 15:59 GMT on Saturday, losing $1,525.41 from its previous close.
Title: Cryptoverse: Is the end of the bitcoin winter nigh? - Reuters.com	Author: 	Description: The crypto winter is into its ninth week and bitcoin can't shake the chills.
Title: Terra 2.0 Is Now Live, Following Luna Meltdown. This Week's Top Bitcoin and Crypto News - CNET	Author: Julian Dossett	Description: All the bitcoin, cryptocurrency and NFT news for the week ending May 27.
Title: After Luna Collapse, Terra Looks to New Blockchain. This Week's Top Bitcoin and Crypto News - CNET	Author: Julian Dossett	Description: All the bitcoin, cryptocurrency and NFT news for the week ending May 20.
Title: Terra 2.0 Launch Planned Following Luna Meltdown. This Week's Top Bitcoin and Crypto News - CNET	Author: Julian Dossett	Description: All the bitcoin, cryptocurrency and NFT news for the week ending May 27.
Title: Fight Looms Over New York’s Bid to Slow Crypto-Mining Boom	Author: Luis Ferré-Sadurní, Grace Ashford, Dana Rubinstein and David Yaffe-Bellany	Description: Crypto interests are lobbying Gov. Kathy Hochul to veto a groundbreaking bill that would temporarily halt new crypto-mining projects at fossil-fuel burning plants.
Title: Crypto is starting to lose its cool – just look at El Salvador | Rowan Moore	Author: Rowan Moore	Description: Fantasies of a Bitcoin City have been undermined by the country’s huge losses in cryptocurrencyTo its evangelists, bitcoin is a frictionless, empowering form of money that liberates citizens of the world from the shackles of banks and national governments. To…
Title: Bitcoin lures inflation-weary Argentines despite crypto crash - Reuters	Author: 	Description: In the Crypstation cafe in downtown Buenos Aires, trendy young Argentines order their lattes and pastries surrounded by screens with real-time cryptocurrency price quotes and a huge neon Bitcoin logo. The bill can be paid in digital money, too.
Title: Bitcoin tumbles to new 18-month low - Reuters	Author: 	Description: Bitcoin fell on Wednesday to a new 18-month low, dragging down smaller tokens with it, as the recent tumble in crypto markets showed no sign of letting up.
Title: Bitcoin recovers, climbs 7.6% to pass $20400 - Reuters.com	Author: 	Description: Bitcoin on Sunday rose around 7.6% to $20,404 from its previous close, signaling a recovery from a sharp drop on Saturday.
Title: Coinbase plummets 15% as broad sell-off sees billions wiped from cryptocurrency market cap	Author: bevans@insider.com (Brian Evans)	Description: The popular cryptocurrency trading platform is battling a broader selloff throughout the crypto market that has pushed bitcoin below $24,000.
Title: Bauxite to bitcoin: Africa's top business news - Reuters	Author: Reuters Editorial	Description: Somalia's foreign minister has been suspended over a coal export and the U.S. has warned companies over doing business in Sudan. Here are five business stories making headlines in sub-Saharan Africa this week. David Doyle has more.
Title: Crypto: bitcoin fall steadies; Coinbase cuts jobs - Reuters.com	Author: Reuters Editorial	Description: 06/14 Bitcoin steadied on Tuesday after earlier hitting a new 18-month low, as major crypto lender Celsius Network's freezing of withdrawals and the prospect of sharp U.S. interest rate rises shook the volatile asset class. Meanwhile, crypto exchange Coinbase…
Title: El Salvador minister says Bitcoin crash poses 'extremely minimal' fiscal risk - Reuters.com	Author: 	Description: El Salvador's Finance Minister Alejandro Zelaya on Monday dismissed concerns that a sharp drop in the value of bitcoin could hurt the Central American nation's fiscal health.
Title: Central African Republic to launch bitcoin investment platform - Reuters.com	Author: 	Description: Central African Republic will launch the continent's first legal cryptocurrency investment hub, the presidency said, extending the impoverished country's embrace of digital finance despite words of caution from the International Monetary Fund.
Title: Cryptoverse: Will you grow old with bitcoin? - Reuters	Author: 	Description: If you assumed crypto was just a young person's game, think again.
Title: Bitcoin slides again as crypto sell-off ramps up - Reuters.com	Author: Reuters Editorial	Description: Bitcoin tumbled on Wednesday to a new 18-month low, dragging smaller tokens down with it and spurring a sharp fall in crypto markets sparked by crypto lender Celsius freezing customer withdrawals. Julian Satterthwaite reports.
Title: What is bitcoin? A beginner's guide to the world's most popular type of cryptocurrency, and tips for investing in it	Author: insider@insider.com (Simon Chandler,Paul Kim)	Description: Bitcoin (BTC) is a digital currency that uses peer-to-peer technology to facilitate instant payments.
Title: YouTube accused of failing to tackle fake Elon Musk livestream scams	Author: https://www.facebook.com/bbcnews	Description: YouTube is being criticised for failing to tackle a network of scammers streaming fake Elon Musk videos.
Title: Why bitcoin is reviving fossil fuel plants – video	Author: Josh Toussaint-Strauss Ali Assaf Joseph Pierce Ryan Baxter	Description: Bitcoin requires vast amounts of electricity to facilitate its transactions around the globe. More than twice the energy usage per year of Apple, Facebook, Google, Microsoft and Amazon combined. This demand has led cryptocurrency mining companies to seek out …
Title: Bitcoin value slumps below $20,000 in cryptocurrencies turmoil	Author: Dan Milmo Global technology editor	Description: Digital asset slides to lowest level since November 2020 as rate rises increase pressure on marketsThe price of a bitcoin has fallen below $20,000 (£16,400) amid deepening turmoil in the cryptocurrency markets.The cornerstone of the digital asset markets slip…
Title: Bitcoin Price Roller-Coasters Over and Below $20,000 - CNET	Author: Oscar Gonzalez	Description: The crypto sell-off continues.
Title: Cryptoverse: The early birds betting bitcoin's bottoming out - Reuters.com	Author: 	Description: As the crypto winter creeps into June, the first signs of a thaw are emerging.
Title: As bitcoin craters 65% from its high, El Salvador's finance minister said the fiscal risk is 'extremely minimal'	Author: prosen@insider.com (Phil Rosen)	Description: The country, led by bitcoin-bull President Nayib Bukele, holds 2,301 bitcoins and made the crypto legal tender in September.
Title: Cryptoverse: The early birds betting bitcoin's bottoming out - Reuters.com	Author: 	Description: As the crypto winter creeps into June, the first signs of a thaw are emerging.
Title: Crypto lender Celsius halts withdrawals due to ‘extreme market conditions’	Author: Dan Milmo and Alex Hern	Description: Transfers also ‘paused’ between Celsius accounts as value of digital asset market slips below $1tn The cryptocurrency lending platform Celsius Network has halted withdrawals due to “extreme market conditions” as the value of the digital asset market slipped b…
Title: First Short Bitcoin ETF To List On NYSE	Author: BeauHD	Description: An anonymous reader quotes a report from CoinDesk: Investment product provider ProShares is set to list the U.S.'s first exchange-traded fund (ETF) allowing investors to bet against the price of bitcoin (BTC). The ProShares Short Bitcoin Strategy (BITI), whic…
Title: MicroStrategy says it has not received a margin call against loan - Reuters.com	Author: 	Description: Software firm MicroStrategy <a href="https://www.reuters.com/companies/MSTR.O" target="_blank">(MSTR.O)</a> said it has not received a margin call against its bitcoin-backed borrowing on Wednesday, and it has plenty of extra collateral to pledge if necessary.
Title: Tesla CEO Elon Musk Has 'Super Bad Feeling' About US Economy — Biden Responds – Bitcoin News - Bitcoin News	Author: 	Description: <ol><li>Tesla CEO Elon Musk Has 'Super Bad Feeling' About US Economy — Biden Responds – Bitcoin News  Bitcoin News
</li><li>Biden spars with Musk over economy and sets off Twitter: Good luck on 'trip to the moon'  Fox News
</li><li>Biden responds to Elon Mu…
Title: One in ten euro zone households owns crypto-assets -ECB survey - Reuters	Author: 	Description: One in ten euro zone households have bought crypto-assets such as bitcoin, with the rich only slightly more likely to own some than the poor, a European Central Bank study showed on Tuesday.
Title: Crypto Weekly: Celsius freeze, hot mess - Reuters.com	Author: Reuters Editorial	Description: From a fresh meltdown for bitcoin, sparked by a freeze on withdrawals at crypto lender Celsius, to the one group of people making money off the turmoil, we round up the week's big stories in cryptocurrencies. Olivia Zollino reports.
Title: No let up in crypto slide as Celsius halt leaves investors 'panicking' - Reuters.com	Author: 	Description: Cryptocurrencies tumbled afresh on Tuesday, with bitcoin and ether falling to new 18-month lows, after major cryptocurrency lending company Celsius Network's freezing of withdrawals delivered the latest jolt to investors in the asset-class.
Title: El Salvador's bitcoin holdings value slashed in half by sell-off - Reuters.com	Author: 	Description: El Salvador's bet on bitcoin was slashed on Tuesday by half as the more than $100 million in the country's publicly disclosed purchases dropped more than 50% in value.
Title: Bitcoin Drops Below $20,000 as Crypto Meltdown Continues	Author: EditorDavid	Description: CNN reports:
"The price of bitcoin breached $19,000," reports CNN, "and ethereum fell below $1,000 Saturday morning, extending the brutal crypto bear market to new lows."

Bitcoin plunged nearly 10% in less than 24 hours, adding to a series of sustained losse…
Title: PayPal Lets Users Transfer Bitcoin and Ethereum To External Wallets	Author: BeauHD	Description: PayPal announced on Tuesday that the service now "supports the native transfer of cryptocurrencies between PayPal and other wallets and exchanges." Decrypt reports: The ability to conduct external transfers on PayPal's crypto platform, an image of which can b…
Title: As energy prices soar, the bitcoin miners may have struck fool’s gold | John Naughton	Author: John Naughton	Description: The rising price of electricity and the plunging value of the cryptocurrency could burst the speculative bubble for today’s prospectorsIn the bad old days, prospecting for gold was a grisly business involving hysterical crowds, pickaxes, digging, the wearing …
Title: A real estate investor borrowed $33,000 in crypto-backed loans to buy a rental property, and says it's a 'stressful' way to get cash	Author: insider@insider.com (Leo Aquino)	Description: Adam Masato took out two personal loans backed by bitcoin and USDC totaling $33,000 because it was faster than getting a traditional mortgage.
Title: A 35-year-old who's earning $8,400 a month in passive income from an Airbnb learned everything he knows about real estate from YouTube	Author: insider@insider.com (Leo Aquino)	Description: Adam Masato took out a home equity line of credit and a bitcoin-backed loan to buy land and build a luxury rental in Joshua Tree, California.
Title: El Salvador's lost $56 million on its bitcoin bet after massive rout – but its crypto-bull president hints he may buy the dip	Author: prosen@insider.com (Phil Rosen)	Description: Since September, El Salvador has bought 2,301 bitcoins for an average of $45,908 per token and at a total cost of about $105.6 million.
Title: Massive Breach in Popular Crypto Exchange Drains Retirement Accounts. Who's to Blame?	Author: Amanda Breen	Description: Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss' Gemini crypto exchange is in hot water after tens of millions of dollars worth of Bitcoin and Ether were stolen.
Title: Crypto panic as digital assets follow share prices in a downward spiral	Author: Dan Milmo Global technology editor	Description: Last week bitcoin fell 31% and Celsius put a hold on withdrawals – and some fear the turmoil is far from overThe cryptocurrency market could do with some respite but its convention-breaking nature means there is no hiatus. Trading in digital assets such as bi…
Title: How One Paper Just Blew Up Bitcoin's Claim To Anonymity	Author: BeauHD	Description: An anonymous reader quotes a report from ZDNet: Lead researcher Alyssa Blackburn of Baylor and Rice, along with team-mates Christoph Huber, Yossi Eliaz, Muhammad S. Shamim, David Weisz, Goutham Seshadri, Kevin Kim, Shengqi Hang, and Erez Lieberman Aiden, used…
Title: Jay-Z’s bitcoin school met with skepticism in his former housing project: ‘I don’t have money to be losing’	Author: Wilfred Chan in Brooklyn	Description: The hip-hop mogul loves to rap about his roots in Brooklyn’s Marcy housing projects. But classes in cryptocurrency show the billionaire is out of touch, residents sayMarcy Houses, the 28-acre public housing development in Brooklyn’s Bedford-Stuyvesant neighbo…
Title: Bitcoin's dramatic loss of value adds additional stress for Tesla	Author: Jason Weisberger	Description: Tesla leaned hard into Bitcoin, purchasing $1.5B of the non-fiat currency in 2021. Since the time of Tesla's investment bitcoin's price has fallen dramatically, and it will be interesting to see how they treat this loss in their financial reporting.



The St…
Title: Tesla ha perdido casi 600 millones de dólares con su inversión en Bitcoin	Author: Hipertextual (Redacción)	Description: Tesla ha perdido casi 600 millones de dólares con su inversión en Bitcoin según Bitcoin Treasuries, un índice que lleva registro de la compra/venta de monedas digitales por parte de grandes compañías. Las criptomonedas están atravesando un momento duro experi…
Title: Not quite "Together" - Reuters	Author: 	Description: A look at the day ahead in markets from Dhara Ranasinghe.
Title: MicroStrategy CEO Michael Saylor defends the decision to turn his company's stock into a highly levered bitcoin bet: 'I can't come up with a better idea'	Author: mfox@businessinsider.com (Matthew Fox)	Description: "If you had a chance to grab $2 billion at 1.5% interest, it seems like a reasonable thing to do and I'm glad we did it," Michael Saylor said.
Title: Fidelity's crypto unit to double down on hiring this year - Reuters	Author: 	Description: Fidelity Investments' digital assets arm will double down on hiring this year as it looks to beef up its resources to serve clients who want to invest in crypto assets that trade round the clock.
Title: Crypto industry gripped by anxiety as bitcoin wobbles near key $20000 level - Reuters	Author: 	Description: The cryptocurrency industry was on edge on Monday morning as investors feared contagion from problems at major crypto players could unleash a major shakeout if not contained.
Title: Cómo convertir un PC antiguo en un nodo de Bitcoin	Author: Gabriel Erard	Description: Que Bitcoin es la criptomoneda más importante del mundo, no es novedad. Sin embargo, detrás de este activo hay mucho para explorar y estudiar; motivo por el cual, tener tu propio nodo de Bitcoin es una muy buena idea, independientemente de que seas novato en …
Title: ECB chief Christine Lagarde says cryptocurrencies are 'worth nothing' and believes they should be regulated to protect people	Author: ztayeb@businessinsider.com (Zahra Tayeb)	Description: ECB President Christine Lagarde said on Saturday cryptocurrencies are "worth nothing" and are "based on nothing," and called for tougher regulation.
Title: Crypto lender Babel Finance wins debt repayment reprieve after withdrawal freeze - Reuters	Author: 	Description: Babel Finance, the Hong Kong-based crypto lender which suspended withdrawals and redemption of crypto assets on Friday, said it has reached an agreement with counterparties on the repayment of some debts to ease short-term liquidity.
Title: Crypto scam victims lose more than $1 billion since 2021 - FTC - Reuters	Author: 	Description: More than 46,000 people reported losing over $1 billion in cryptocurrency scams since the start of 2021, the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) said in a report on Friday.
Title: Cryptocurrency market value slumps under $1 trillion - Reuters.com	Author: 	Description: The value of the cryptocurrency market on Monday fell below $1 trillion for the first time since January 2021, according to data site CoinMarketCap, reaching as low as $926 billion.
Title: Crypto regulation efforts need to keep pace with market growth -Bank of Canada official - Reuters	Author: 	Description: The number of Canadians who own cryptoassets is growing rapidly and efforts to regulate the sector need to start keeping pace, a senior Bank of Canada official said, noting many people may not understand the risk of investing in products like bitcoin.
Title: Cryptocurrency crash devalues Ukraine's government crypto fundraise - Reuters.com	Author: 	Description: Ukraine, battered by three months of war, plans to continue to tap crypto investors to help raise funds after a plunge in prices decimated the country’s fundraising efforts in May.
Title: Crypto crowd dominate Davos main street despite price crash - Reuters	Author: 	Description: A free bitcoin pizza stall and a "Liquidity Lounge" were among the treats on offer for attendees at this year's meeting in Davos, where blockchain and cryptocurrency firms have taken over its main street, despite a recent crash in digital coin values.
Title: NY bill aims to limit crypto miners using fossil fuel-generated power - Reuters	Author: 	Description: The New York State Legislature has passed a bill that would impose a two-year moratorium on the use of fossil-fuel power plants to provide energy to miners of cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin, but the governor has yet to sign it.
Title: What you need to know about Davos on Monday - Reuters	Author: 	Description: The World Economic Forum returned to Davos on Monday with a unique spring gathering. Here is what you need to know about Day 1:
Title: Dogecoin spikes after Elon Musk says he'll keep buying the cryptocurrency	Author: rhogg@insider.com (Ryan Hogg)	Description: The coin, heavily championed by the Tesla founder, has lost two-thirds of its value since the start of the year amid a wider crypto selloff.
Title: Cryptocurrency tech is vulnerable to tampering, a DARPA analysis finds	Author: Martin Kaste	Description: A new analysis commissioned by DARPA quantifies how the decentralized tech that runs the currency system could be compromised.
Title: These were the 5 worst performing cryptos over the past week amid bitcoin bear market	Author: mfox@businessinsider.com (Matthew Fox)	Description: With more than 19,000 cryptocurrencies in existence and counting, there are more than triple the number of crypto coins than there are US stocks.
Title: These were the 5 best performing cryptos over the past week despite bitcoin bear market	Author: mfox@businessinsider.com (Matthew Fox)	Description: With more than 19,000 cryptocurrencies in existence and counting, there are more than triple the number of crypto coins than there are US stocks.
Title: Dow plunges more than 700 points, Nasdaq falls 4%, and S&P 500 erases 2021 gains as recession fears mount	Author: mfox@businessinsider.com (Matthew Fox)	Description: "Concerns are mounting about whether the Fed is headed towards a policy mistake, otherwise known as 'breaking something,'" LPL's Quincy Krosby said.
Title: Column: Crypto crash exposes regulators' complacency - Reuters	Author: 	Description: If regulators thought crypto was a dangerous place that lured investors into 'too good to be true' opportunities, they have to ask themselves some searching questions on why they have been so slow or reluctant to cut across the unregulated industry.
Title: How the U.S. Government Regulates Crypto Could Come Down to Its Definition	Author: Kyle Barr	Description: What is crypto? Is it something that’s bought and sold like stock in a publicly traded company, or is it a commodity, something that itself can interact with futures agreements? It’s a question at the heart of new legislation that would grant oversight of dig…
Title: How tweets by Tesla's Elon Musk have moved markets – Reuters.com - Inferse	Author: Jeffrey Morgan	Description: Tesla CEO Elon Musk gestures as he visits the construction site of Tesla's Gigafactory in Gruenheide near Berlin, Germany, August 13, 2021. Patrick
Title: Bitcoin Billionaires Lay Off 10% of Employees, Blame Market and 'Crypto Winter'	Author: Emily Rella	Description: Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss announced that Gemini would be making major staffing cuts, issuing a stark warning about the crypto market.
Title: Crypto lender Babel Finance valued at $2 billion after latest fundraising - Reuters.com	Author: 	Description: Hong Kong-based Babel Finance said on Wednesday it had raised $80 million in a new funding round that valued the cryptocurrency lender and asset manager at $2 billion.
Title: New York couple accused of laundering $4.5 bln in crypto still in plea talks - Reuters	Author: 	Description: A New York couple accused of laundering $4.5 billion in cryptocurrency tied to the 2016 hack of digital currency exchange Bitfinex are still negotiating a possible plea deal while reviewing more than 1.1 gigabytes of evidence in the case, prosecutors said.
Title: Crypto hedge fund Three Arrows Capital fails to meet margin calls -FT - Reuters	Author: 	Description: Singapore-based crypto hedge fund Three Arrows Capital failed to meet margin calls this past weekend as cryptocurrency prices slid, according to a report from the Financial Times.
Title: Crypto lender Celsius is freezing withdrawals — after its founder promised to reinvent the financial system and never act like a traditional bank	Author: gglover@insider.com (George Glover)	Description: Celsius froze withdrawals and transfers just a month after Terra's luna token crashed to zero, continuing crypto's nightmare 2022.
Title: Babel Finance suspends withdrawals as crypto markets slump - Reuters	Author: 	Description: Hong Kong-based Babel Finance temporarily suspended the withdrawals and redemption of crypto assets on Friday, as the crypto lender scrambles to pay its clients after the recent slump in the digital currency market.
Title: Crypto Platform Coinbase Cuts More Than 1,000 Staff	Author: Lauren Leffer	Description: The crypto roller coaster ride continues to plummet downhill fast. Coinbase, one of the largest cryptocurrency exchange platforms, is laying off 18% of its staff, or about 1,100 employees, according to a company SEC filing. The news also came in a letter to s…
Title: Cryptocurrency ‘bloodbath’ threatens multibillion-dollar hedge fund	Author: Alex Hern UK technology editor	Description: Three Arrows Capital founder takes to Twitter to assuage fears following 25% drop in the price of bitcoin in a single dayThe “bloodbath” in the cryptocurrency sector may claim another victim, with the co-founder of multibillion dollar hedge fund Three Arrows …
Title: Show HN: The Bitcoin Note – Secure, Self-Custodial Bitcoin Wallets in Cash Form	Author: 	Description: The Bitcoin Note: Physical secure Bitcoin that you can easily share, spend or hold.
Title: Octagon Networks converts its entire balance sheet into Bitcoin	Author: 	Description: Octagon Networks has finished the process of converting all of its balance sheet and liquid assets into Bitcoin. We will also start accepting Bitcoin payments for all of our services, with a 50% discount if paid in Bitcoin.
Title: Bitcoin will survive but could crater to $8,000 and won't end up as the dominant crypto, says Guggenheim's Minerd	Author: prosen@insider.com (Phil Rosen)	Description: "When you break below 30,000 [dollars] consistently, 8,000 [dollars] is the ultimate bottom," Minerd told CNBC on Monday.
Title: Two-thirds of crypto hedge funds will fail due to the massive sell-off that was sparked by Fed tightening, Mike Novogratz predicts	Author: bevans@insider.com (Brian Evans)	Description: Mike Novogratz thinks most crypto hedge funds will fail as market turbulence sparked by the end of easy monetary policy continues.
Title: Bitcoin Drops Below $20,000 as Crypto Selloff Quickens	Author: Associated Press	Description: The price of bitcoin fell below $20,000 for the first time since late 2020 on Saturday, in a fresh sign that the selloff in cryptocurrencies is deepening.
Title: Elon Musk Sued For Billions Over Running Alleged Dogecoin Pyramid Scheme For 'Profit, Exposure and Amusement'	Author: Madeline Garfinkle	Description: The Tesla and SpaceX CEO is being sued over claims of 'a crypto pyramid scheme.'
Title: Cryptoverse: The funds making moolah from messy markets - Reuters	Author: 	Description: The crypto market's a hot mess, leaving many investors struggling to turn a buck. Enter the arbitrageurs.
Title: Benfica to join crypto craze with Socios - Reuters	Author: 	Description: Portugal's biggest soccer club, Benfica, will become the country's first to join the crypto craze, partnering with blockchain-powered fan engagement firm Socios.com to launch a fan token, the club announced on Tuesday.
Title: Binance U.S. exchange sued by crypto investor over stablecoin collapse - Reuters	Author: 	Description: Binance U.S. and its CEO were sued on Monday by a U.S. investor who alleges the cryptocurrency exchange falsely marketed Terra USD as a safe asset ahead of the so-called stablecoin's collapse in value last month.
Title: Blockchain tech firm StarkWare raises $100 mln, valued at $8 bln - Reuters.com	Author: 	Description: Israeli blockchain technology firm StarkWare Industries said on Wednesday it raised $100 million in a private funding round that valued the company at $8 billion.
